Source

April 2014 (Issue 1)

Cover Story: 2 - 4 pages (Matt)
	Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes
	"How long does your game need to be?"
	- Now that we've had the chance to play MGS5, we discuss if it lives up to
	the price tag AND if the rumors of length really mattered.

*The next 2 are really just fluff pieces for us. but i think it would be cool if maybe Gerald of Matt did the interview...
since they arent/werent directly involved with these two subjects.
	
Meet the Founders: 1 - 2 pages
	An Interview with Ryan & Matt about how Gamestitch.com came to be

The Official Gamestitch Podcast: 2 pages min
	An Interview with the hosts - a discussion about the dynamics of the team
	and what makes our podcast "work."
	
Did Q1 deliver for next gen?: 1 - 2 pages
	Now that the next gen consoles have launched some heavy hitters, where do
	we stand? Are we giving up our PS3's and 360's for our PS4's and Xbone's entirely?
	
	Did Playstation Now change how gamers will use their PS3, or is it still 
	necessary to have both consoles on your shelf?
*cool article topic that we've touched on several times on the podcast. i think this would be fun to expound upon.
Reviews: 2 page min
	Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes (Matt)
	
	Infamous Second Son
	*i think Ryan is getting this one
	
Quick Reviews: 1 -2  pages (depending on what was released the month prior)
	yes or no to whatever released in march.
	*not sure exactly how to go about doing these. 
	
New Releases: 1 page (Matt)
	Calendar displaying releases for the month of April

REVENUE:

What we're into: 3 per person (matt, dan, ryan, gerald, matt2)
	Amazon links to games, shows, movies, accessories, anything you like.
	DLC, PC/Steam. Anything. product description will be pulled from wherever. 
	nothing to write - just submit your recommendations for the month.

Ads: Full page
	Official Gamestitch Podcast
	Amazon (link through for revenue)
	Audible (link through for revenue)
	Gamestitch.com
	
Ad rates:
1 month $20
3 month $35
6 month $60
1 year $100

